The k6 Load Testing Dashboard is a web-based tool designed to make load testing easier and more visual. It helps you simulate API traffic, monitor performance, and manage your k6 test scripts—all from a single browser interface.

With this dashboard, you can quickly spot performance bottlenecks, test APIs without hitting rate limits, and manage virtual users for your simulations.

Features

Real-time Performance Metrics
Watch how your API responds under load using interactive charts that display response times, request rates, and more.

Test Configuration
Easily adjust the number of virtual users and test duration with simple sliders.

Mock API Server
Simulate API endpoints locally to avoid hitting real servers or running into rate limits.

k6 Script Management
View, copy, and download k6 test scripts to use in your own k6 environment.

Test Logging
Keep detailed logs of each test execution for later analysis.

Responsive Design
Works on desktops, laptops, tablets, and mobile devices, so you can monitor tests anywhere.

Installation

Good news: there’s no installation required!

Save the provided HTML code as k6-dashboard.html.

Open it in any modern web browser (Chrome, Firefox, Edge, or Safari).

Usage
Running Tests

Open the dashboard in your browser.

Adjust the Virtual Users and Test Duration sliders to your preferred settings.

Click the Run Load Test button.

Watch your charts and logs update in real-time.

Configuring Tests

Go to the Configuration tab.

Modify parameters like API Base URL, test credentials, or other settings.

Click Save Configuration to apply changes.

Using the Mock Server

Open the Mock API Server tab.

Click Start Mock Server to run a simulated API server locally.

Use these example endpoints for testing:

POST http://localhost:3001/login

GET http://localhost:3001/users/1

Accessing k6 Scripts

Go to the k6 Scripts tab.

Review the sample test script provided.

Use Copy Script or Download Script to run it in your own k6 setup.

Technical Details
Technologies Used

HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript (vanilla)

Chart.js for charts and graphs

Font Awesome for icons

Responsive layout using CSS Grid and Flexbox

Browser Compatibility

Chrome 60+

Firefox 55+

Safari 12+

Edge 79+

Troubleshooting

Common Issues

Charts not loading – Check your internet connection; Chart.js is loaded from a CDN.

Mock server not working – The mock server is for simulation only and runs in-browser.

Script copy not working – Some browsers require a user click to allow copying to clipboard.

Need Help?

Open your browser console to check for errors.

Make sure JavaScript is enabled.

Refresh the page and try again.

Customization

You can tweak the dashboard to suit your needs:

Change colors using the :root CSS variables.

Add new chart types in the JavaScript file.

Extend the mock server with more endpoints or data.

License

This project is provided as-is for learning and demonstration purposes.

Contributing

Want to contribute?

Fork the project (if it’s in a repository).

Make your improvements.

Submit a pull request with a clear description of your changes.
